Adds some ground rules for using AWS (#31)
nrdg/afq-docs: docs/about/infrastructure/aws/getting_started.md

    aws configure --profile hcp

This will add a section to your `~/.aws/credentials` file with the access key id and 
secret access key that you got from the HCP for access to their data. Different 
credentials give you different priviliges. For example, the HCP credentials 

> will only give you read priviliges on one 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
will only give you read access to the HCP OpenAccess Amazon S3 Bucket.
```
